Practice Questions

1. Which of the following are operators, and which are values?
*
'hello'
-88.8
-
/
+
5

Ans-	Operators
 	*
	-
	/
	+

	Values
	'hello'
	-88.8
	5


2. Which of the following is a variable, and which is a string?

Ans- 	Variable - spam
  	String - 'spam'


3. Name three data types.

Ans- 	Integer,Float,String


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Ans-	Expression combines values, variables, operators, and functions to produce a single result. Expressions can be simple or complex, depending on the operations used.


5. This chapter introduced assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Ans-	Expression combines values, variables, operators, and functions to produce a single result.
	A statement is a complete line of code that performs some action. It is a unit of execution and can include expressions.

6. What does the variable bacon contain after the following code runs?

bacon = 20
bacon + 1	

Ans- 	The variable bacon will still contain the value 20 and The expression bacon + 1 calculates the value 21, but it is not assigned to the variable bacon or any other variable.


7. What should the following two expressions evaluate to?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Ans- 	1. spamspamspam - this actually concatenates strings
	2. spamspamspam -this actually repeats


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Ans- 	In python certain rules for variable names, in this 100 starts with a number. 	Variable names cannot start with a number.


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

Ans- 	int,float,str


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Ans-	This generates an error because we're trying to concatenate a string with a integer without converting to string first.
	To rectify this error add str() function to 99 to conver the integer tto the string.
	'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
 